In an exclusive interview with AP,@SelenaGomez, says that the leaders of Facebook, Twitter, Google and YouTube have allowed “people with hate in their hearts” to thrive. (replaces tweet to reflect that interview preceded Capitol riot)
“The bus just took off on its own." The driver of a tandem bus whose front half plunged off a New York City bridge blamed the crash on mechanical failure.
Republicans worry a corporate donor backlash in the wake of last week’s deadly Capitol insurrection could crimp fundraising, complicating the party’s efforts to retake the Senate.
Propane tanks usually are easy to find at gas stations and grocery stores. But restaurants and bars are struggling to find consistent supplies of the fuel for heaters needed as customers sit outside this winter because of pandemic restrictions.
Fencing surrounds state capitols and National Guard troops are on patrol in advance of possible violence leading up to the inauguration of President-elect Joe Biden. Signs of ramped-up security were in abundance from Atlanta to Sacramento, California.
Mount Semeru, the highest volcano on Indonesia’s most densely populated island of Java, spewed hot clouds nearly 3 miles away. There were no immediate evacuations.
Vice President Mike Pence calls Vice President-elect Kamala Harris to congratulate her, offer assistance.
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner makes his picks for the divisional round of the NFL playoffs and sees tight games and one upset.
Sedition charges haven't been successfully levied since 1995, but the Civil War-era law may be dusted off again for use against participants in the insurrection at the U.S. Capitol.
The public won’t see President Trump’s White House records for years, but there’s growing concern the collection won’t be complete. Trump has been cavalier about the law requiring that records be preserved and has a habit of ripping up documents.
The New York Yankees and AL batting champion DJ LeMahieu are working on a six-year contract worth about $90 million.
BREAKING: The global death toll from the coronavirus has topped 2 million, according to Johns Hopkins University data.
India has started inoculating health workers in what is likely the world’s largest COVID-19 vaccination campaign, joining the ranks of wealthier nations. Indian authorities hope to give shots to 300 million people, roughly the population of the U.S.
When the coronavirus forced her Texas high school to move online, Charvi Goyal realized that the schoolmates she’d been informally tutoring would still need extra help. So she helped create TutorScope, a free tutoring service run by high schoolers.
As businesses serve customers at tables on sidewalks, streets and patios to comply with coronavirus restrictions, restaurant and bar managers are scrambling to maintain a steady supply of propane for space heaters amid winter.